Follow
Hello Yes I wonder is rather cold now Was I Well fall today
Autumn leaves also start and don't go
Said Sunabe
The car introduced today is the Subaru Impreza
yes it's a high place
Impressor grade 1.5 i
1500 c isn't it non-turbo 1500 love sedan is yes yes
18 years
d distance car
8 ず 13 2013 man 3000 km in front of the pie road
Inspection in May of 25 years
It is there you Yes of course 4 devised by hyper
I say that I was not born
that
It is car of about 6 years fall out of 6 years, but it corresponds
It 's a lot like mileage, isn't it?
Just that
Doing is beautiful large'll remodeling It is around I think is it very It is clean another one owner and
Say high
There is no automatic
After that
Such as ran Pasupeshon Toka Ha Oh 130,000 kilometers
Fuwaa Italy much still a little this camp and go Well statement says garter
Went do it but to is not even food in the flower, such as return Koyuri
I know firmly
It can not be over
In addition Oh I'm an inspection of recording km unwilling year not sure if little or is reflected
Timing belt at the time of the last year of the automobile inspection
Of course it's a good motor, and it's open, and then it 's overplay
It is oils from Hi 2 in large Some par Pai
Yes It is a Subaru dealer Origin firmly landscaped with car
So
From now on because Well it you specific is the Naa looked one way insect
Also the same well well heart long in the city
I guess that's a position you can naughty
I think I do not feel that was rugged Toka is also a door feathers say behind this
I-kun
The notebook behind it is also a great world 9-9
Let's get on very 130,000 km
Is I do not for I mean Tsu Na standing Te
Such a horse is No.
I wonder if you say the aim
That sort of be ne You're engine revs and one of the is probably
Very good pta
Well I think that it is a car that had a steady oil nurse to the river of oil change something
think
It is also an automatic book blockage shop to do that.
At the time of file singer
About of feeling close to the half-2, such as
Smooth ordinary heritage
It is no feeling ter-kun was is I do not things like come come
Boo ー
Speaking of Impreza, it is a gold aluminum wheel Arthur so it fits with Nya
I had been with
It is Athos Deering also easy This Well grip ease of Kawa grip
After the nest, I raised the nest from the heel of that finger
It seems comfortable comfortable It says that it is on the moment
The price is also
You can make it easier to see a child who has not made you cheap
I'm all means are also maintenance other than saved Kyoto so I this this kind of thing under
Right
It says 100,000 kilometers or more and selfish
It is a simplistic not'm thinking I am riding a look at the Rurifuma Hoyer
It is high whether this is good for the condition of this price
I think that it is not good shopping if you ask for it so
There will also high mountain of tires
Yes I used it in all range or various scenes
Hmm
I guess I guess
It is written that the sides in the suddenly looks comfortable Honpo
Entered by all means yes you can also love trying minute
It's ok, so please consider by all means Thank you Thank you
I will